README.md, before:

# nuxtblog

derived from https://github.com/regenrek/nuxt-blog-frontmatter-markdown-loader and https://regenrek.com/posts/create-a-frontmatter-markdown-powered-blog-with-nuxt.js/


## installation:

1) Download and install yarn from 
https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install/
or with 

```curl -o- -L https://yarnpkg.com/install.sh | bash```

2) `yarn install`

3) clone repo

4) `yarn dev`

## The Plan:

 - want each posts bundled with images and other static content in a folder per post
 - want list of main topics of interest in a left side nav bar (e.g. vintage computers, brewing, photog, BGF, EE...)
 - want tagging of posts
    - perhaps use some subset of tags as main topics?  Or have a static page per topic, with a list of tagged posts?
    - inference of additional tags?
    - search by tag in sidebar
 - search by date in sidebar (or possibly at bottom of main page)
 



## old readme


### Build Setup

``` bash
# install dependencies
$ yarn install

# serve with hot reload at localhost:3000
$ yarn run dev

# build for production and launch server
$ yarn run build
$ yarn start

# generate static project
$ yarn run generate
```

For detailed explanation on how things work, checkout [Nuxt.js docs](https://nuxtjs.org).

Commit message:

updated README, added new post, ran into single image limitation

README.md, after:

# BriansSpareTime blog

An experiment in learning NuxtJS and also in trying to document some of the stuff I do.


## The Plan / TODO:
 - main interest static pages
 - [FEATURE] more than 1 image per post
 - [FEATURE] embed YT or other video content in post
 - [FIX] fix scaling for postcard thumbnails
 - [FIX] order posts by date
 - [FIX] eliminate need for img folder in content
 - [EVENTUALLY] pagination of all posts
 - [EVENTUALLY] password protected photos section

 




### Build Setup
## installation:

Download and install yarn from 
https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install/
or with 


``` bash

# install yarn
curl -o- -L https://yarnpkg.com/install.sh | bash

# install dependencies
$ yarn install

# serve with hot reload at localhost:3000
$ yarn run dev

# build for production and launch server
$ yarn run build
$ yarn start

# generate static project
$ yarn run generate
```


derived from:
https://github.com/regenrek/nuxt-blog-frontmatter-markdown-loader 
https://regenrek.com/posts/create-a-frontmatter-markdown-powered-blog-with-nuxt.js/
https://github.com/regenrek/vue-sidebar-menu-example/tree/master/src
